_Exercise 1_

1. would // **more polite**
2. had
3. like
4. having // **past infinitive**
5. fewer // **repetition** 
6. would
7. order
8. foremost
9. sick
10. in
11. have
12. to 
---
1. **sort out**
    
    - sort out a place to stay
    - sort out a visa // handle
    - sort out our differences
    - sort out the dispute
2. **subjected to**
    
    - subjected to a thorough examination
    - subjected to terrible verbal abuse
    - subjected to torture
    - subjected to regular safety checks
3. **move into**
    
    - move into new premises // local de un bussines
    - move into publishing
    - move into the Latin American market
    - move into my new apartment 
4. **sound out**
    
    - sound out voters // sondear la opinion publica // obtener la opinión 
    - sound out your views
    - sound out the members of the board
    - sound out staff about the changes
5. **narrow down**
    
    - narrow down the list of suspects
    - narrow down your options
    - narrow down the focus of the essay
    - narrow down your topic
6. **end up**
    
    - end up in trouble
    - end up homeless
    - end up getting to bed at four in the morning
    - end up spending over £200

---
1. I used to / would go to the cinema
2. I used to get in up early
3. I'm getting used to driving on the rigth
4. Do you ussually go to the pub after work
5. My father would to tell us stories when we were in bed
6. I would be blond when i was a child
7. In my firts year at the university, I 

---
1. I wouldn’t have asked for your help - <font color="#ff0000">a</font> e.
2. She wouldn’t change her mind - <font color="#ff0000">h</font> even though I begged her to reconsider.
3. He assured me everything would be OK, -<font color="#c00000"> j</font> but of course it wasn’t.
4. Would you mind not - <font color="#c00000">f</font> raising your voice like that? Or you might upset her.
5. She would never arrive on time for a date, - <font color="#c00000">d</font> like that! It’s so typical of him.
6. Frankly, I would’ve thought you’d - <font color="#c00000">c</font> have had enough of his behavior by now.
7. I’d feel happier about going - <font color="#c00000">b</font> if I knew someone else there.
8. He would do something,<font color="#c00000"> e</font> like 
9. I wouldn’t tell her about it, - <font color="#c00000">i</font> or you might upset her. // giving advice
10. I knew this would happen, - <font color="#c00000">g</font> but there’s no telling some people, is there? 

there's no telling it is not possible to know

87-88 ex 1 and 2.